user/working-with-the-archivesspace-api.md, before:

---
title: Working with the ArchivesSpace API
layout: en
permalink: /user/working-with-the-archivesspace-api/
---
## Authentication

Most actions against the backend require you to be logged in as a user
with the appropriate permissions.  By sending a request like:

     POST /users/admin/login?password=login

your authentication request will be validated, and a session token
will be returned in the JSON response for your request.  To remain
authenticated, provide this token with subsequent requests in the
`X-ArchivesSpace-Session` header.  For example:

     X-ArchivesSpace-Session: 8e921ac9bbe9a4a947eee8a7c5fa8b4c81c51729935860c1adfed60a5e4202cb


## CRUD

The ArchivesSpace API provides CRUD-style interactions for a number of
different "top-level" record types.  Working with records follows a
fairly standard pattern:

     # Get a paginated list of accessions from repository '123'
     GET /repositories/123/accessions?page=1

     # Create a new accession, returning the ID of the new record
     POST /repositories/123/accessions
     {... a JSON document satisfying JSONModel(:accession) here ...}

     # Get a single accession (returned as a JSONModel(:accession) instance) using the ID returned by the previous request
     GET /repositories/123/accessions/456

     # Update an existing accession
     POST /repositories/123/accessions/456
     {... a JSON document satisfying JSONModel(:accession) here ...}

Commit message:

Update documentation to include new files and sections from tech-docs and fix curl flags for getting a release zip file

user/working-with-the-archivesspace-api.md, after:

---
title: Working with the ArchivesSpace API
layout: en
permalink: /user/working-with-the-archivesspace-api/
---
> See **API section** for more detailed documentation

## Authentication

Most actions against the backend require you to be logged in as a user
with the appropriate permissions. By sending a request like:

     POST /users/admin/login?password=login

your authentication request will be validated, and a session token
will be returned in the JSON response for your request.  To remain
authenticated, provide this token with subsequent requests in the
`X-ArchivesSpace-Session` header.  For example:

     X-ArchivesSpace-Session: 8e921ac9bbe9a4a947eee8a7c5fa8b4c81c51729935860c1adfed60a5e4202cb


## CRUD

The ArchivesSpace API provides CRUD-style interactions for a number of
different "top-level" record types.  Working with records follows a
fairly standard pattern:

     # Get a paginated list of accessions from repository '123'
     GET /repositories/123/accessions?page=1

     # Create a new accession, returning the ID of the new record
     POST /repositories/123/accessions
     {... a JSON document satisfying JSONModel(:accession) here ...}

     # Get a single accession (returned as a JSONModel(:accession) instance) using the ID returned by the previous request
     GET /repositories/123/accessions/456

     # Update an existing accession
     POST /repositories/123/accessions/456
     {... a JSON document satisfying JSONModel(:accession) here ...}
